# 1/11/16
## Basic Architecture of Code
### General Overview
- controller defines what each component does
- tasks tell controller what components should be doing
- events tell what tasks to run

### Component
- subsystems, ie. drivetrain
- has default controller to tell it what to do when it is disabled or enabled
  - ex. in autonomous, need default to wipe out everything

### Controller
- components are modeled around a controller; controller defines what each component would be doing with abstract methods
  - ex. get speed for each wheel
  - ex. use 2 axis drive controller to use joystick and driver wheel to control motion
  - ex. pid based controller to calculate forward speeds based on how far robot is in distance
    - consider drivetrain has different speeds for different wheels
- update loop every 20 seconds to call each component
- someone external can implement controller to tell component to do s.t.
  - ex. elevator has component that defines what speed it should be moving at
- set.output = given controller, set speeds to motors correctly, then actuate

### Tasks
- new name for last year’s “automation,” AKA action
  - ex. stack tote, drive forward
- finite task: has start, run, & end phase
  - ex. stacking tote, know done when drop tote
  - has 3 methods:
    - start task: initializing controllers for each of the component
    - update task: check if task is done
      - ex. ask pid controller if at target angle
    - end task: sets all controllers to default
- how Shadaj defined:
  - to complete task, call finish. No returning.
  - to abort, call end tasks
- finitetask.java has 3 methods: then, and, andUntilDone
- continuous task: has start, update (but doesn’t define when end), end task (only called from abort)
  - ex. spin collector

### Tasks in the example of Recycle Rush (stacking totes)
**continuous tasks for totes**
- sweep, never know when container is swept out of the way
- creep (speed), 254 needed up bumping one of the totes so was at farther distance. too far from 3rd tote to collect so routine just got stuck. so creep gets speed and keeps creeping

**finite tasks for totes**

*made up of finite state machines*
- drive forward (constructor for this will take distance traveled)
- collect tote
- stack tote
- turn (angle)
- LiftToteTo

**put tasks together**

FiniteTask Auto =

(new CollectTote)

.then (new LiftToteTo(STACK_LEVEL))

.then ((new DriveForward(4).andMeanwhile(new Sweep)) // the sweeping task (continuous) continues until driveForward is done

meanwhile is saying run this continuous task at the duration of this finite task

.then (…)

.then (new Turn(90).and(new LiftToteTo(DEPLOY)) // last step of auto; ‘and’ puts things directly in parallel

### Events
- examples
  - game state based events for when we’re in auto
  - game state transition events for when we’re entering auto
  - button is tapped, held, released
- types of events
  - impulse: event that happens in one go
    - ex. button tapped
  - steady: event that has 3 distinct phases, start, running, end
    - ex. button held starts with tapped, is held and ends with released

### Safeties
- Need to implement
- requires
  - weight check if safety should be triggered
  - what it should “safety,” what should controller be replaced by
- bad way to do safety: do all set outputs
- should be basic (current limiting)
- every take should check if safety should be triggered
- each component will have defined safeties involved that will override any other action
